Add Ionic tutorials (#405)
gazebosim/docs: ionic/install_osx_src.md

`colcon` can work:

```bash
mkdir -p ~/workspace/src
cd ~/workspace/src
```

All the sources of gazebo-ionic are declared in a yaml file. Download
it to the workspace:

```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gazebo-tooling/gazebodistro/master/collection-ionic.yaml
```

Use `vcstool` to automatically retrieve all the Gazebo libraries sources from
their repositories:

```bash
vcs import < collection-ionic.yaml
```

The src subdirectory should contain all the sources ready to be built.

## Install dependencies

Add `osrf/simulation` to Homebrew formulae

```bash
brew update
brew tap osrf/simulation
```

Install all dependencies:

Dependency for Ogre:

```bash
brew cask install xquartz
```

General dependencies:

```bash
brew install assimp boost bullet cmake cppzmq dartsim@6.10.0 doxygen eigen fcl ffmpeg flann freeimage freetype gdal gflags google-benchmark gts ipopt jsoncpp libccd libyaml libzzip libzip nlopt ode open-scene-graph ossp-uuid ogre1.9 ogre2.3 pkg-config protobuf qt@5 qwt-qt5 rapidjson ruby tbb tinyxml tinyxml2 urdfdom zeromq
```

`dartsim@6.10.0` and `qt@5` are not sym-linked. To use those dependencies when building

> `gz-physics7` and `gz-gui8`, run the following after installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gz-physics8` and `gz-gui9`, run the following after installation:
```

Author: https://github.com/gazebosim/docs/pull/405/commits/1d0f9928f8b848adb6ca97aab899bd91bbf4a913
